**INTEL COLLAB TERMS OF USE AND LICENSE AGREEMENT**

This Intel Collab Terms of Use and License Agreement ("**Agreement**")
is a legal agreement between the Legal Entity You represent, or You if
no entity is identified, and Intel Corporation and its affiliates
("**Intel**") and governs Your access to and use of the Intel Collab
Space and Material. You and Intel are each a "**party**" and
collectively the "**parties**."

Do not access the Intel Collab Space or Material if You do not agree to
these terms. By accessing or using the Intel Collab Space or Material,
or otherwise indicating Your assent, You are agreeing to the terms of
this Agreement. The terms of this Agreement will not apply if the
parties have entered into a written agreement, signed by authorized
representatives of the parties, expressly covering the subject matter
herein and that within the Material.

1\. **Purpose**. The parties' desire a shared space through which You
may access, use, modify, evaluate, test, provide Feedback regarding, or
otherwise conduct permitted activities on Material.

2\. **Definitions**. The following definition apply to this Agreement:

2.1 '**Background IPR**' refers to all Intellectual Property Rights,
trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade dress, and other forms of
corporate or product identification owned, controlled, obtained, or
licensed by a party at any time prior to or after the Term, or arising
from technology developed independently of this Agreement.

2.2 '**Collaboration Invention**' refers to Collaboration Technology
that is an invention of a process, machine, manufacture, or composition
of matter, or improvement.

2.3 '**Collaboration IPR**' refers to copyrights, trade secret rights,
and patent rights to Collaboration Technology.

2.4 '**Collaboration Technology**' refers to technology collected,
conceived, created, authored, developed, or generated during the Term by
Personnel of one or both parties while performing work under this
Agreement.

2.5 '**Content**' refers to software, technology, information, data, or
other collateral, including Derivative Material, You or Your Personnel
upload to, or develop or have developed in, the Intel Collab Space.

2.6 '**Derivative Material**' refers to (1) modifications to the
Material, (2) works based on the Material, and (3) other derivatives of
the Material made by You, Your Personnel, or on Your behalf. Feedback is
not Derivative Material.

2.7 '**Feedback**' refers to comments or suggestions regarding a
modification, improvement, enhancement or other alteration of the
Material or other information Intel provides under this Agreement.

2.8 '**General Collaboration Technology**' refers to Collaboration
Technology that is not Solely-Created Collaboration Technology.

2.9 '**Intel Collab Space**' refers to compute resources, storage area,
network system, and other software and hardware infrastructure, provided
by Intel, or by a third-party on behalf of Intel, through which You may
access Material or other information from Intel.

2.10 '**Intellectual Property Rights**' or '**IPR**' refers to all
intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patent rights, trade
secret rights, excluding trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade
dress, or other forms of corporate or product identification.

2.11 '**Legal Entity**' refers to the union of the acting entity and all
other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
"**control**" means (1) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
otherwise, or (2) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (3) beneficial ownership of such entity.

2.12 '**Material**' refers to the content Intel or its suppliers make
available to You under this Agreement.

2.13 '**Personnel**' refers to a party's and its affiliates' employees,
agents, contractors, and subcontractors who perform work under this
Agreement. You remain fully liable to Intel for the conduct of Your
Personnel.

2.14 '**Solely-Created Collaboration Technology**' refers to inventions,
works of authorship, or collected information that are Collaboration
Technology, conceived, authored, or collected by the Personnel of only
one party.

2.15 '**You**' (and its variants) refers to an individual or Legal
Entity exercising permissions granted by this Agreement.

3\. **Intellectual Property Rights Ownership & Licensing**.

3.1 **Ownership of Background IPR**. Each party retains ownership of its
Background IPR. Neither party assigns nor transfers any ownership
interest in its Background IPR under this Agreement. Ownership of the
Material and related intellectual property rights is unchanged.

3.2 **Ownership of Derivate Material**. As between You and Intel, You
will own Your Derivative Material, subject to Intel's ownership of the
Material

3.3 **Intel Permissions & Licenses to You**. During the Term, Intel
grants You:

> \(1\) permission to access the Intel Collab Space, and
>
> \(2\) with respect to Material, a personal, non-exclusive,
> non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, terminable, worldwide,
> royalty-free license under its copyrights and trade secrets to use the
> Material to evaluate and test the Material within the Intel Collab
> Space or in Your or Your Personnel's internal, testing or other
> non-production environment. For purposes of clarity, the license to
> use the Material granted to You by Intel includes the right to make
> copies of the Material for the permitted use and prepare Derivative
> Material.
>
> The foregoing notwithstanding, Intel may limit Your ability to
> exercise certain permissions through one or more technical measures
> (e.g., allowing read-only access) applied in Intel's administration of
> the Intel Collab Space.

3.4 **Your License to Intel**. Beginning on the date Your Content is
introduced into the Intel Collab Space You grant Intel a non-exclusive,
non-transferable (except as permitted by Section 16.1 (**Assignment**)),
sublicensable, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, fully
paid up license under Your IPR in the Content to make, have made, use,
offer to sell, sell, import, disclose, reproduce, modify, prepare
derivative works from, perform, display, or otherwise dispose of or
exploit Your Content in Intel's products, or services.

3.5 **No Other Licenses or Rights**. Except as expressly granted in this
Agreement, neither party grants to the other any rights or license, by
implication, estoppel or otherwise, to any intellectual property rights
it owns, is licensed to, or controls at any time. For clarity, no
license is granted in this Agreement allowing You to use the Material,
alone or as included in Derivative Material, commercially or in a
production environment; any such license from Intel, which Intel may
provide in its own discretion, will be granted separately, in writing.

3.6 **Affiliate Rights**. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary,
licenses granted by Intel to Your affiliate under this Agreement
terminate immediately without notice on the day such entity or group is
no longer an affiliate. Licenses granted by that affiliate under this
Agreement, before it ceases to be an affiliate, will remain in force

4\. **Ownership; Assignment; & License of Collaboration IPR**. In the
event Collaboration IPR arises in connection with this Agreement, the
ownership and licensing of such IPR will be as follows:

4.1 **Solely-Created Collaboration Technology**. Each party solely owns
all Collaboration IPR to its Solely-Created Collaboration Technology.

4.2 **General Collaboration Technology**.

4.2.1 **Ownership of Collaboration Patent Rights**. The parties will
meet as necessary and allocate ownership of patent rights to
Collaboration Inventions that are General Collaboration Technology. The
following selection process will apply: within six months of the
conception of a first Collaboration Invention, the parties will meet and
flip a coin to determine which party will take on ownership of the
identified Collaboration Invention. Upon conception of a next
Collaboration Invention, the other party will take ownership, the
process continuing until ownership of all Collaboration Inventions have
been allocated.

4.2.2 **Assignment**. The non-owning party under the previous section,
on behalf of itself and its Personnel, hereby assigns and agrees to
assign to the owning party all right, title, and interest in its patent
rights to the allocated Collaboration Invention without any duty of
accounting, and without any duty to obtain the non-owning party's
consent or to pay any royalties to the non-owning party to exploit,
license, or enforce such rights. The owning party will exclusively own
all patent rights in the allocated Collaboration Invention and has the
sole discretion to decide whether to any file patent applications in any
jurisdiction.

4.2.3 **Ownership of Other General Collaboration IPR**. Other than
patent rights in Collaboration Inventions, the parties jointly own all
other Collaboration IPR in General Collaboration Technology. Each party
hereby assigns to the other party an equal, undivided ownership interest
in their copyrights and trade secret rights in works that are General
Collaboration Technology.

4.2.4 **Rights**. Subject to the restrictions in Section 5
(**Confidentiality**), regardless of the ownership of the trade secret
rights and copyrights under national law, each party, may reproduce,
perform, display, distribute, create derivative works of, and disclose
General Collaboration Technology as if the trade secret rights and
copyrights in that General Collaboration Technology were solely owned by
that party, without any duty of accounting and without any duty to
obtain the other party's consent or to pay any compensation to the other
party in order to exploit, license, assign, or enforce those rights.

4.3 **Collaboration Patent Cross-License**. A party that solely owns
patent rights to a Collaboration Invention hereby grants to the other
party and its affiliates a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as
permitted by Section 16.1 (**Assignment**)), irrevocable, perpetual,
non-terminable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up license under
those patent rights to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell,
import, and otherwise dispose of any Collaboration Invention embodied or
used in the licensed party's products or services.

5\. **Confidentiality**. The terms of this Agreement, the user
interface, or any other associated tools, materials, displays, prompts,
reports, and other information associated with the Intel Collab Space or
Material, including Derivative Material, are considered Intel
confidential information. Your log-in or other access credentials, the
security access measures associated with You with(in) the Intel Collab
Space are considered Intel confidential information. All party
confidential information, including Collaboration Inventions, is subject
to Your valid corporate non-disclosure agreement with Intel (CNDA). This
Agreement will not become effective, or will automatically terminate, in
the absence of a CNDA. This Agreement will take precedence in the event
of a conflict with the CNDA.

6\. **Restrictions**. Except as authorized above, You will not: (1) use
or modify Material in any other way; or (2) reverse engineer, decompile,
or disassemble Material provided as object code (except as required by
applicable law or under an applicable open source license).

7\. **Representations & Warranties**. You represent and warrant that You
will not, and You will not allow Your Personnel to, upload or post to
the Intel Collab Space Content that: (1) You do not have a right to make
available under any law or contractual or fiduciary relationships (such
as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned
or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under non-disclosure
agreements); (2) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret,
copyright, or other proprietary rights of any other party; (3) contains
software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed
to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer
software or hardware or telecommunications, reports and recommendations;
or (4) is directly related to military, defense, aerospace, nuclear,
biological or chemical weapon end uses or in support of law enforcement,
national security, military, or foreign policy objectives.

8\. **Open Source Licenses**. The Material may include software subject
to an open source license, including Open Source Initiative approved
licenses (<http://www.opensource.org>). Nothing in this Agreement limits
or grants any rights under, or that supersede, the terms of an
applicable open source license.

9\. **Trademarks**. This Agreement does not grant permission to use the
trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of either
party, except as required for reasonable and customary content in the
headers of any source code files and the provision of required "Notice"
text file.

10\. **Disclaimer of Warranty**. Unless required by applicable law or
agreed in writing, Intel provides access to the Intel Collab Space and
the Material on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any
warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You acknowledge that the Intel Collab
Space and Material may be pre-release, may not be fully functional, may
contain errors or design flaws, and may have reduced or different
security, privacy, accessibility, availability, and reliability
standards relative to commercial versions of Intel software and
materials. Use of Intel Collab Space and Materials may result in
unexpected results, loss of data, project delays or other unpredictable
damage or loss. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using the Intel Collab Space, the Material, or any
Derivative Material, as allowed under this Agreement, and You assume all
risk associated with Your use. Intel may choose not to make commercially
available any version of the Material, and to abandon development and
withdraw availability at any time.

11\. **Limitation of Liability**. In no event and under no legal theory,
whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless
required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent
acts), will Intel or its suppliers be liable to You for damages,
including direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential
damages of any character arising out of this Agreement or out of Your
use or inability to use the Material, Derivative Material, or the Intel
Collab Space, including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other
commercial damages or losses, even if Intel has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

12\. **Indemnity**. You will indemnify, defend, and hold Intel harmless
from any allegation against Intel arising in connection with Your access
to or use of Material, Derivative Material, Content, or the Intel Collab
Space, conduct arising from activities performed under Your access
credentials, or by Your Personnel, and You will pay all of Intel's
losses, liabilities, and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
arising from the allegation.

13\. **Feedback**. Intel may use, disclose, reproduce, license, or
otherwise distribute or exploit Feedback You provide in any way, without
obligation to You or Your Personnel.

14\. **Intel Security Responsibilities**. Intel will provide
commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures related to
the physical security of the Intel Collab Space and the confidentiality
of the Material and any Derivative Material. Intel does not give or
enter into any condition, warranty, or other term with respect to: (1)
any malfunctions or other errors in its Intel Collab Space caused by
virus, infection, worm or similar malicious code not developed or
introduced by Intel; or (2) the effect that the Intel Collab Space is or
will be protected against all possible security threats, including
intentional misconduct by third parties. Intel disclaims all
responsibility for and will not assume any liability that may arise as a
result of any security breach caused by any such persons, entities, or
technologies. As between You and Intel, You are ultimately solely
responsible for the data maintenance, integrity, retention, security,
and backup of Your Derivate Material and Content during the Term, and
any liability arising therefrom. You acknowledge and agree that no
vendor can assure complete security and nothing herein or elsewhere
shall be deemed to imply a security guarantee or assurance, and Intel
disclaims liability regarding Your web browser's requirements or any
third-party device or appliance used to access or use the Intel Collab
Space.

15\. **Term; Termination; Survival**.

15.1 **Term**. This Agreement begins upon the earlier of Your access of
Material, Your access of the Intel Collab Space, or other indicia of
Your acceptance of these terms. The Agreement continues until the
earlier of (1) Intel's termination of Your ability to access the Intel
Collab Space, or (2) termination under Section 15.2 (**Termination**).

15.2 **Termination**. Intel may terminate this Agreement, including by
disabling Your ability to access the Intel Collab Space, at any time
without notice. This Agreement will automatically terminate upon (1)
Your breach of the Agreement, (2) a claim that You do not have authority
to bind Your employer to these terms, or (3) Your assertion that any
Material or Derivative Material, alone or in combination with any Intel
product, infringes Your intellectual property. Intel may restrict Your
access to the Intel Collab Space, without fully disabling such access,
at any time, without notice; such access restriction alone will not
indicate termination of the Agreement.

15.3 **Effect of Termination**. Upon termination of the Agreement, the
licenses to You will immediately terminate and You must cease accessing
the Intel Collab Space, cease using any Material (including any Material
within Derivative Material), and destroy all copies of Material and
Derivative Material in Your possession and direct Your Personnel to do
the same. The CNDA survives termination of the Agreement.

15.4 **Survival**. All sections except Sections 3.3 (**Intel License to
You**), 14 (**Intel Security Responsibilities**) survive termination of
this Agreement.

16\. **General**.

16.1 **Assignment**. If you wish to assign this Agreement or your rights
and obligations, including by merger, consolidation, dissolution or
operation of law, contact Intel for permission. Any attempt to assign
not approved by Intel in writing shall be void and of no effect. Intel
may assign, delegate or transfer this Agreement and its rights and
obligations, and if to a non-affiliate you will be notified.

16.2 **Dispute Resolution**. If we have a dispute regarding this
Agreement (other than for misappropriation of trade secrets or breaches
of confidentiality obligations), neither party can file a lawsuit or
other regulatory proceeding before the complaining party provides the
other party a detailed notice of the dispute and our senior managers
attempt to resolve the dispute. If our senior managers cannot resolve
the dispute within 30 days of receipt of such detailed notice, either
party may demand mediation in which the parties will then try to resolve
the dispute with an impartial mediator. If the dispute is not resolved
within 60 days after the mediation demand, either party may begin
litigation.

16.3 **Severability**. The court will modify any Agreement provision
found unenforceable only as necessary to make it enforceable or, if
required, sever that provision. The rest of the Agreement remains
enforceable.

16.4 **Waiver**. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be
valid unless in a writing specifying the waived provision signed by an
authorized representative of the waiving party. A signed waiver will not
constitute waiver of any other provision. Failure or delay in enforcing
any provision will not operate as a waiver.

16.5 **Entire Agreement**. This Agreement and CNDA constitute the entire
agreement and, except as provided above, supersede all other prior and
contemporaneous agreements between the parties concerning its subject
matter.

16.6 **Amendment**. No amendment or modification of this Agreement will
be effective unless in a writing signed by authorized representatives of
the parties.

16.7 **Relationship of Parties**. Each party acknowledges and agrees
that the other is an independent contractor in the performance of this
Agreement.

16.8 **Governing Law**. This Agreement will be governed in all respects
by the laws of the United States and of the State of Delaware, without
regard to conflict of laws principles or the United Nations Convention
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. The state and federal
courts residing in Wilmington, Delaware will have exclusive jurisdiction
over any dispute or claim arising out of or related to this Agreement,
and the parties irrevocably consent to personal jurisdiction and venue
in those courts; except that, Intel may apply for injunctive remedies or
an equivalent type of urgent legal relief in any competent jurisdiction.

16.9 **Trade and Compliance**. You agree to comply with all applicable
export, import, trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations,
including without limitation U.S. Export Administration Regulations and
Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations. These laws include
restrictions on destinations, end-users and end-use.

Intel Confidential
v2024.08.09
